README.md, before:

# FAKENEWS!

1. \$ git clone this repository.
2. Start a local host on your computer.
   using 'php -S localhost:8000'.
3. Open index.php in your browser.

## Feedback

### Agnes Binett

TODO:

1. **header.php:9-13**
   Try to keep CSS styling out of HTML. Maybe put it on line 1 in style.css instead?

2. **style.css:15-19**
   You could expand the navbar a little bit so it fills the space between the top line and picture beneath, as well as making the font-size a little bit bigger

3. **style.css:48**
   Maybe remove text-decoration:underline; since it looks like a link instead of a headline

4. **index.php:50-52**
   If you add some css-styling to this element in your style.css, like a padding or margin, it could be a little bit easier to read since it’s a little bit dense right now.

5. **style.css:95-99**
   In your @media here, try adding some other stuff to make your site more responsive. Like a width for the newsfeed as well as the header so that the edges doesn’t get lost in the mobile view.

6. You can write the README-file with markdown (Fixed?)

### Testers

1. Agnes Binett
2.

Commit message:

adding url to live page

README.md, after:

# FAKENEWS!

1. \$ git clone this repository.
2. Start a local host on your computer.
   using the standard 'php -S localhost:8000'.
3. Open index.php in your browser.
4. For live version only: http://jagtrycktefelju.nu/fakenews/

## Feedback

### Agnes Binett

TODO:

1. **header.php:9-13**
   Try to keep CSS styling out of HTML. Maybe put it on line 1 in style.css instead?

2. **style.css:15-19**
   You could expand the navbar a little bit so it fills the space between the top line and picture beneath, as well as making the font-size a little bit bigger

3. **style.css:48**
   Maybe remove text-decoration:underline; since it looks like a link instead of a headline

4. **index.php:50-52**
   If you add some css-styling to this element in your style.css, like a padding or margin, it could be a little bit easier to read since it’s a little bit dense right now.

5. **style.css:95-99**
   In your @media here, try adding some other stuff to make your site more responsive. Like a width for the newsfeed as well as the header so that the edges doesn’t get lost in the mobile view.

6. You can write the README-file with markdown (Fixed?)

### Testers

1. Agnes Binett
2.
